standing
communication wat nigga fed yeah tonight
we got some local Renault guests and
some VIPs taking a few media laps if you
like so in the Renault pulse which I
actually launched here last year so we
tested the breaks out on it which was
quite good and too short little app but
I think everyone had a good time and
yeah and i managed to answer some
questions i was good and the next week
you're taking out another call it does
start doing
yeah I've done some good troops in the
desert actually so here we're going to
take the Duster out in a man and managed
to tear up some of the dunes if we can
and you have a good look around and it's
I love be in those remote areas and
doing this the type of driving so yeah
it'll be it'll be good license or less
and fun in Korea you gave benefit even
significant yeah i think when i heard
about that I just reiterates how much
renault sport of done in Formula One to
have 200 poles is is pretty sensational
I think that we never count the stats on
this into my probably happen but yeah
for them everyone at very and Renault
Sport over the years and you know back
in the day they had so many poles and
things like that so yeah it was good and
it could be the fifties winner
wow ok yeah so I better go grab that as
well in so yeah I think that's yeah
we've had so many special memories over
the years with the team I'll see you
know some great victory for myself as
Renault and Monaco and things like that
so yeah it's everyone special but if we
manage to not have a few milestones as
well on the championships for the team
so it's been great